
# Case Study on Open Policy Analysis For Cost Effectiveness Analysis of Deworming Interventions

<img width="200" src="./code/BITSS_logo_horizontal.png"><img width="200" src="./code/CEGA_logo.png">
<!--REPLACE WEALTH TAX LINKS WITH OPA LINKS  --> <br>

Open in RStudio:
[![Binder](http://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/BITSS/opa-wealthtax/master?urlpath=rstudio)

Go straight to the Shiny app:
[![Binder](http://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/BITSS/opa-wealthtax/master?urlpath=shiny/code/interactive_visualization/)

This repository and its accompanying dynamic document and Shiny app are
three key components of an Open Policy Analysis (OPA) on the costs and
benefits of mass deworming interventions in various settings. Together,
these materials create a transparent and reproducible analysis to
facilitate collaboration and discussion about deworming policy.

<img align="right" width="50%" src="./code/OPA_layers.png">

1 - [An interactive plot](http://wealthtaxsimulator.org/simulator_app/),
which summarizes the interactions between all key parameters for a given
set of assumptions. Materials can be found in:
[`code\shiny_app`](https://github.com/BITSS-OPA/opa-deworming/tree/master/code/shiny_app).

2 - Open policy report in the form of a [dynamic
document](http://wealthtaxsimulator.org/analysis/) \[replace with link
to deworming doc\], which details all data, code, and assumptions
included in the analysis. Materials can be found in:
[`code\dynamic_doc`](https://github.com/BITSS/opa-wealthtax/tree/master/code/dynamic_doc).

3 - This Github repository, which stores all data, code, and materials
necessary to replicate the analysis in full with minimal effort.

This case study complies with the highest levels of the [Open Policy
Analysis (OPA)
Guidelines](https://www.bitss.org/opa/community-standards/). We also
look to demonstrate tools, ideas, and practices through which OPA can be
implemented in practice. This exercise, and future case studies, in turn
will inform the Guidelines.

To learn more about BITSS and our OPA initiative [click
here](https://www.bitss.org/opa/). If you would like to collaborate with
BITSS to develop a demonstration of a OPA in your organization please
email Aleks Bogdanoski (<abogdanoski@berkeley.edu>).

Major contributions to this project will be acknowledged below. This OPA
employs the Contributor Roles Taxonomy
([CRediT](https://casrai.org/credit/)). Major contributions are defined
as any pushed revisions to language or source code beyond corrections of
spelling and grammar.

## List of Contributors:

*(in alphabetical order)*

  - Sophia Bai – Visualization, Writing (original draft), Writing
    (reviewing and editing)
  - Aleksandar Bogdanoski – Funding acquisition, Project administration
  - Fernando Hoces de la Guardia – Conceptualization, Funding
    acquisition, Supervision, Visualization, Writing (original draft),
    Writing (reviewing and editing)
  - Katherine Hoeberling – Funding acquisition, Project administration
  - Grace Hollister –
  - Orianna Jia – Writing (original draft), Writing (reviewing and
    editing)
  - Keanu Lim –
  - Charles Love –
  - Teng Aleksandra Ma –
  - Edward Miguel – Conceptualization, Funding acquisition, Supervision
  - Grace Morgan – Writing (original draft), Writing (reviewing and
    editing)
  - Emma Ng – Visualization, Writing (original draft), Writing
    (reviewing and editing)
  - Ryan Scholes – Visualization, Writing (original draft), Writing
    (reviewing and editing)
  - Jiayu Shi –

This list of contributors to this repository (also available at [this
page](https://github.com/BITSS-OPA/opa-deworming/graphs/contributors))
is ordered by each individual’s number of commits, which may not
perfectly reflect their intellectual contribution to this project:

Fernando Hoces de la Guardia ([@fhoces](https://github.com/fhoces)),
Teng Aleksandra Ma ([@AleksandraMaa](https://github.com/AleksandraMaa)),
Emma Ng ([@em-ng21](https://github.com/em-ng21)),
[@keanulim123](https://github.com/keanulim123),
[@Gracemorgan7](https://github.com/Gracemorgan7),
[@charleslove3](https://github.com/charleslove3),
[@ella-sjy](https://github.com/ella-sjy),
[@scholesy](https://github.com/scholesy), Sophia Bai
([@sophiabai2022](https://github.com/sophiabai2022)),
[@oriajia](https://github.com/oriajia)
